[shopsys] Functional documentation cart.md (#807)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/functional/cart.md

> # Cart

Reviewer: I miss in the article the information about the notification when product price is changed or is not available any more.

Author: The information about notification is added.

This article describes functional behavior of a cart. Article shortly summarize its discount codes, behavior of cart content when user logs in and others.

The cart is the first step of order and can be in these states:
- **empty** - nothing was added to the cart yet, the customer is informed that the cart is empty

> - **contains goods** - the customer can see a list of products which have been added to the cart, customer can change quantity of products.

Author: Changed

> Product information displayed in the cart:

Author: Ok, I removed this list.

- Thumbnail
- Name with link to product detail
- Unit price including VAT
- VAT rate
- Amount
- Price including VAT - summed price for amount of added product

## Price

> - total price including VAT is automatically recalculated if the product is removed or the amount is changed

Author: The information is added.

> ## Discount code

Author: Changed

- discount code can be created in the section pricing -> promo codes in the administration
- the input for entering the discount code is in the cart on the Front-end

> - after entering the discount code in the cart, total price with VAT is recalculated using the button "Apply"

Author: Thank you. I added this point.

> - after entering the discount code in the cart, total price with VAT is recalculated using the button "Apply"

Reviewer 2: This is not true. If you add coupon the discount is added to the item so there is the same amount of items

> - after entering the discount code in the cart, total price with VAT is recalculated using the button "Apply"

Author: Thank you David, it is true. Double amount of items is in order overview.

# Cart

> This article describes functional behavior of a cart. Article shortly summarize its discount codes, behavior of cart content when user logs in and others.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This article describes functional behavior of a cart. Article shortly summarizes its discount codes, behavior of cart content when user logs in and others.
```

## Add to cart

> - a user can add the product to cart from the product detail or from the product listing (except for the product with variants)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- a user can add the product to cart from the product detail or from the product listing (except for the product with variants as described in [another article](./behavior-of-product-variants.md))
```

> - a user can add the product to cart from the product detail or from the product listing (except for the product with variants)

Reviewer 2: Do we use `User` or `Customer`?

> - after adding the product to the cart, a pop up window is displayed. There is information about adding the product to the cart together with the button “Go to cart”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- after adding the product to the cart, a pop up window is displayed. 
There is information about adding the product to the cart together with the button “Go to cart”.
When the product is no longer available there is information about that in pop up window.
```

## Cart overview in header
- shows the amount and total price with VAT of products in the cart
- shows the information about empty cart

> - changes in content of cart in header are modified by Ajax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- shows current information about cart and changes even without page refresh - the update is done by AJAX
```

## Page cart
### URL

> - URL has format youreshopurl/cart (in English version)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- URL has format www.youreshopurl.com/cart (in English version)
```

### The cart can be in these states:

> - **empty** - nothing was added to the cart yet, cart shows an image of empty cart and  the customer is informed that the cart is empty

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **empty** - nothing was added to the cart yet, cart shows an image of empty cart and the customer is informed that the cart is empty
```

- **contains products** - the customer can see a list of products which have been added to the cart, customer can change quantity of products or remove product from the cart - these changes are modified by Ajax
### Price
- total price including VAT is automatically recalculated (without page refresh) if the product is removed or the amount is changed

> ### Discount coupon

Reviewer 2: Do we use `Discount coupon` or `Promo code`?

Author: I changed discount code to promo code. Thanks

- the input for entering the discount code is in the cart on the Front-end
- after entering the discount code in the cart, total price with VAT is recalculated using the button "Apply"
- the coupon is applied for every cart item individually so the number of items doubles
- discount code can be removed from the cart and total price with VAT will be recalculated automatically
## Order flow
- the cart is the first step of order followed by a choice of shipping and payment
## Persistence
- the cart, including its content, is stored in the database for:
- 60 days for unregistered user
- 120 days for registered user
## Notification about product changes

> - if the product is added to the cart and its price is changed or is not available anymore, the user is informed of the changes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- if the product is added to the cart and its price is changed or is not available anymore, the user is informed of the changes by a flash message
```

- the information is displayed on any page after page refresh
## Cart behavior when logging in, logging out and register the user
- if an unregistered customer adds the product to the cart and makes the registration (the system logs the customer in) then the contents of the cart will be retained

> - if an unsigned customer adds the product to the cart and then logs in, the contents of the cart will be retained

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- if an unsigned customer adds the product to the cart and then logs in, the contents of both unsigned and signed carts will merge
```

# Cart

> This article describes functional behavior of a cart. Article shortly summarizes its promo codes, behavior of cart content when user logs in and others.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This article describes functional behavior of a cart. Article shortly summarizes its promo codes, behavior of cart content when customer logs in and others.
```

Author: After agreement, I changed all customers to users.

## Add to cart

> - a user can add the product to cart from the product detail or from the product listing (except for the product with variants as described in [another article](./behavior-of-product-variants.md))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- a customer can add the product to cart from the product detail or from the product listing (except for the product with variants as described in [another article](./behavior-of-product-variants.md))
```

When the product is no longer available there is information about that in pop up window.
## Cart overview in header
- shows the amount and total price with VAT of products in the cart
- shows the information about empty cart
- shows current information about cart and changes even without page refresh - the update is done by AJAX
## Page cart
### URL
- URL has format www.youreshopurl.com/cart (in English version)
### The cart can be in these states:
- **empty** - nothing was added to the cart yet, cart shows an image of empty cart and the customer is informed that the cart is empty
- **contains products** - the customer can see a list of products which have been added to the cart, customer can change quantity of products or remove product from the cart - these changes are modified by Ajax
### Price
- total price including VAT is automatically recalculated (without page refresh) if the product is removed or the amount is changed
### Promo code
- the input for entering the promo code is in the cart on the Front-end
- after entering the promo code in the cart, total price with VAT is recalculated using the button "Apply"

> - the coupon is applied for every cart item individually

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- the discount is applied for every cart item individually
```

- promo code can be removed from the cart and total price with VAT will be recalculated automatically
## Order flow
- the cart is the first step of order followed by a choice of shipping and payment
## Persistence
- the cart, including its content, is stored in the database for:

> - 60 days for unregistered user

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 60 days for unregistered customer
```

> - 120 days for registered user

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 120 days for registered customer
```

## Notification about product changes

> - if the product is added to the cart and its price is changed or is not available anymore, the user is informed of the changes by a flash message

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- if the product is added to the cart and its price is changed or is not available anymore, the customer is informed of the changes by a flash message
```

- the information is displayed on any page after page refresh

> ## Cart behavior when logging in, logging out and register the user

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Cart behavior when logging in, logging out and register the customer
```
